README.md, before:

# awesome-links
Personal collection of links worth to be shared in public as well

## Transport & Geography

- [Berlin Brandenburg Public Transport Real Time Map](http://fahrinfo.vbb.de/bin/help.exe/dn?L=vs_mobilitymap&&tpl=fullmap&tabApp=show)

## Development

### Benchmarking

- [wrk](https://github.com/wg/wrk) - http benchmarking tool (usually part of Linux distros)
- [perf.rocks - Web Performance Matters](http://perf.rocks/) - a nice curated collection of tools, blogposts, and other stuff around this topic

### git

- [Rypress Git Tutorial](http://rypress.com/tutorials/git/index) - Tutorial, explaining basics and advanced concepts.

### Markdown

- [Markdown Syntax, github flavored](https://help.github.com/categories/writing-on-github/)

### Jekyll

- Commit _site directory or not? Well, it depends: [Good Answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/31871892/3752157)

## UX and Design

- [Large set of free emoticons](http://emojione.com/) that even could be used for comercial purposes (read conditions first!).

## Linux

### Ubuntu

- [Remove unused kernel packages from system](http://askubuntu.com/a/259092/379395)

Commit message:

Link to script for rewriting git history

README.md, after:

# awesome-links
Personal collection of links worth to be shared in public as well

## Transport & Geography

- [Berlin Brandenburg Public Transport Real Time Map](http://fahrinfo.vbb.de/bin/help.exe/dn?L=vs_mobilitymap&&tpl=fullmap&tabApp=show)

## Development

### Benchmarking

- [wrk](https://github.com/wg/wrk) - http benchmarking tool (usually part of Linux distros)
- [perf.rocks - Web Performance Matters](http://perf.rocks/) - a nice curated collection of tools, blogposts, and other stuff around this topic

### git

- [Rypress Git Tutorial](http://rypress.com/tutorials/git/index) - Tutorial, explaining basics and advanced concepts.
- [Script to rewrite History](https://help.github.com/articles/changing-author-info/) with another name or email address

### Markdown

- [Markdown Syntax, github flavored](https://help.github.com/categories/writing-on-github/)

### Jekyll

- Commit _site directory or not? Well, it depends: [Good Answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/31871892/3752157)

## UX and Design

- [Large set of free emoticons](http://emojione.com/) that even could be used for comercial purposes (read conditions first!).

## Linux

### Ubuntu

- [Remove unused kernel packages from system](http://askubuntu.com/a/259092/379395)
